in a huge fight culminated the
2014 Huaracino Carnival Awards
that was fulfilled in the facilities of
little window is camps
the ceremony was developed with
normality where some
complaints from representatives of the neighborhoods
participants however passed the
hours and tempers warmed in the drink
of the celebration frictions were generated
verbal that ended with aggressions and
not be satisfied with the results
end of the carnival party the
chairs and bottles flew out in
a quarrel that generalized in the
interior of the local representatives
of the extension neighborhood sell in
insults showed their
dissatisfaction with the prizes for their
representative that managed to be crowned as
the queen of the carnival
we can remember the only one that
showed a little dissatisfied this in the
maid the skins edition and with
thick words his tone was the
representative it seems to me that
is the dad of the programming come
where you wanted to, there are very few
they
they took advantage of the moment a group of
prairie dwellers to do
public their discrepancies with others
neighborhoods that overshadowed the carnival party
in its final stage that is expected not to be
causal gave reason why nobody
incoming sponsoring companies will
move away
totally from us and between the
prairie a boy
identically bayern in our
training sell that stop taking place
and that the directors their managers of
prolongation sold are those that the
event and moving people when I
I wanted people to be calm that
let's know the results of the meeting and
that is oriented to the entrepreneurs are the
listeners to others